So to find the mirror of a tree, just use
inorder traversal to traverse the tree and in each
recursive call, swap the left and right sub trees.
So let us see how. After the recursive calls, we can swap left
and right sub trees. For node 10 both the left
and right sub tree is null. So null will be swapped
similarly
for node 60 left subtree is null and right subtree is null
So null will be swapped. Now for node 50,
It's left sub tree with root 10  and right sub tree
with root 60 will be swapped. for node 150
both the left and right sub tree is null and it will
be swapped. similarly for node 300 left sub tree null and right
sub tree null will be swapped now for node 200,
It's left sub tree with root 150, right sub tree
with root 300 will be swapped and lastly for
node 100
It's left sub tree with root 50 and right sub tree
with root 200 will be swapped.
See finally we have got the mirror of the actual binary tree.